README.md, before:

# ChorEr

ChorEr is a static analyzer to generate Choreography Automata from Erlang source code.

## Requirements

The project requires `erlang` and `rebar3` to run.

## Usage

Use `rebar3` to run the program from the command line or to compile it.

```erlang
# rebar3 escriptize
# ./_build/default/bin/chorer ./path/to/your/program.erl main/0 path/to/folder
```

or

```erlang
# rebar3 shell
1> chorer:generate("./examples/ticktack/tictacstop.erl", "start/0").
finished
```

### Output

The tool will create a DOT file for each actor's local view and a DOT file for the global view in the specified folder. To visualize the Choreography Automatas copy and paste the `.dot` files' content in a [DOT viewer](https://dreampuf.github.io/GraphvizOnline).

## Documentation

The documentation of the project is aviable at this [link](https://gabrielegenovese.github.io/chorer/). You can also generete it with

```erlang
# rebar3 ex_doc --output docs
```

## Test

Try out the tool using the `./test.py` script.

## Supported expression

| Expression     | Support        |
| -------------- | -------------- |
| atom           | ✅ yes         |
| integer        | ✅ yes         |
| float          | ✅ yes         |
| boolean        | ✅ yes         |
| tuple          | ✅ yes         |
| list           | 🟡 partial     |
| string         | 🟡 partial     |
| record         | ❌ no          |
| map            | ❌ no          |
| binary         | ❌ no          |
| if             | ✅ yes         |
| case           | ✅ yes         |
| receive        | ✅ yes         |
| send           | ✅ yes         |
| spawn          | ✅ yes         |
| spawn_monitor  | ❌ no          |
| match          | 🟡 partial     |
| function       | ✅ yes         |
| guards         | ❌ no          |
| register       | 🟡 static eval |
| unregister     | ❌ no          |
| whereis        | ❌ no          |
| rand:uniform   | ✅ yes         |
| self           | ✅ yes         |
| anon functions | ✅ yes         |
| try catch      | ❌ no          |
| after          | ❌ no          |
| math operation | ❌ no          |

## Credits

This project was made for the Bachelor's degree [Thesis](https://gabrielegenovese.github.io/chorer/assets/thesis.pdf) of the Computer Science course at Alma Mater Studiorum - University of Bologna. I am grateful to the professor [Ivan Lanese](http://www.cs.unibo.it/~lanese/), who supervised the development of this project.

Commit message:

better settings: distinguished from Minize Local View and Global View

README.md, after:

# ChorEr

ChorEr is a static analyzer to generate Choreography Automata from Erlang source code.

## Requirements

The project requires `erlang` and `rebar3` to run.

## Usage

Use `rebar3` to run the program from the command line or to compile it.

```erlang
# rebar3 escriptize
# ./_build/default/bin/chorer ./path/to/your/program.erl main/0 path/to/folder
```

> A fourth and fifth optional parameter are used to specify if the the local view or the global view should be minimized. Default values are `true` for the local view and `false` for the global view.

or

```erlang
# rebar3 shell
1> chorer:generate("./examples/ticktack/tictacstop.erl", "start/0").
finished
```

### Output

The tool will create a DOT file for each actor's local view and a DOT file for the global view in the specified folder. To visualize the Choreography Automatas copy and paste the `.dot` files' content in a [DOT viewer](https://dreampuf.github.io/GraphvizOnline).

## Documentation

The documentation of the project is aviable at this [link](https://gabrielegenovese.github.io/chorer/). You can also generete it with

```erlang
# rebar3 ex_doc --output docs
```

## Test

Try out the tool using the `./test.py` script.

## Supported expression

| Expression     | Support        |
| -------------- | -------------- |
| atom           | ✅ yes         |
| integer        | ✅ yes         |
| float          | ✅ yes         |
| boolean        | ✅ yes         |
| tuple          | ✅ yes         |
| list           | 🟡 partial     |
| string         | 🟡 partial     |
| record         | ❌ no          |
| map            | ❌ no          |
| binary         | ❌ no          |
| if             | ✅ yes         |
| case           | ✅ yes         |
| receive        | ✅ yes         |
| send           | ✅ yes         |
| spawn          | ✅ yes         |
| spawn_monitor  | ❌ no          |
| match          | 🟡 partial     |
| function       | ✅ yes         |
| guards         | ❌ no          |
| register       | 🟡 static eval |
| unregister     | ❌ no          |
| whereis        | ❌ no          |
| rand:uniform   | ✅ yes         |
| self           | ✅ yes         |
| anon functions | ✅ yes         |
| try catch      | ❌ no          |
| after          | ❌ no          |
| math operation | ❌ no          |

## Credits

This project was made for the Bachelor's degree [Thesis](https://gabrielegenovese.github.io/chorer/assets/thesis.pdf) of the Computer Science course at Alma Mater Studiorum - University of Bologna. I am grateful to the professor [Ivan Lanese](http://www.cs.unibo.it/~lanese/), who supervised the development of this project.
